Anne lives all day long in her imagination and enjoys so much doing it. As I've been trying to catch up on my reading and I easily get influenced by the behavior of people around me, even those in fictions, I have begun those imaginations which will be definitely judged by Marilla as "nonsense" or "a waste of time". But sometimes I do find it really comforting and I don't think that I disturb anyone, though sometimes it's a little embarrassing to tell.

I know it's childish to say so but I had a grand time when Joris arrived that night in the restaurant and called my name first while there were a group of us. I guess all those reactions I made in his lectures and the stupidly long and sincere letter finally paid off. What's more, when I left the restaurant seeing him engaged in a conversation with someone else and believing it was the end of this god-given meet, his asking if I wanted to take another picture with him really made my day. When I got home, I sent him stupidly long message again. I just had so much to say to him for no reason. I felt as excited as my dog when he heard that he could go out for a walk when he replied and agreed to go to my favorite crêperie with me. In fact I was too excited to fall asleep that night until four in the morning...

Anyway, an interesting (yet maybe creepy for somebody) scenario I imagined recently is that, this really nice and admirable professor lives in the apartement whose window I can see outside my window. The interesting thing is that once I made this up, it feels so real.

I have been obseving that window for quite a long time. Well, not technically observing as I am no peeper. All I know is that the light inside is warm yellow as I've seen it on sometimes in the morning and or evening, besides from time to time I hear the pleasant sound of forks tapping on plates at lunch time on weekends. I enjoy this kind of distant yet close relationship with people behind that window whom I have never seen.

And I find it no harm to imagine that it's my favorite professor who lives there. It actually gives a great deal of consolation to have encountered him in France and to know that we can still talk.